so we are here with David Marquez
artists probably best known for his work
on ultimate spider-man but also doing
all new x-men and his own creator book
the joiners in 3d right and we're asking
David like we are some other artists and
attendees which next-gen system they're
going to order and play their games on
and why so David to you I've already
ordered a pre ordered an xbox one and I
know there's a lot of controversy but
the very you know upfront about it i
would like to get a ps4 as well whenever
you know i give the extra cash for it
but i'm kind of xbox 360 guy i have a
lot of investment in it so far and my
wife was a much higher gamerscore than i
do also is an xbox person so kinda just
continue with what we already have and I
guess a lot of franchises we played like
Mass Effect always came out xbox 360
first I don't know whether the next
games for from then we're gonna work the
same way but it's kind of familiar with
the interface little bit more than I am
with the PlayStation stuff and yeah
which game are you most looking forward
to for the next gen system for the
assassins creed 4 I know some across all
the systems watch dogs as well I know
it's not exclusive either um actually
I'm not super stuff that any of the
exclusive yet it's kind of just like the
cross-platform next-gen games all look
fantastic i'm here with Carly Randolph
an Amiga Lopez two artists who've done
work on Batman Beyond Justice League
beyond metalocalypse static shock and
they're going to tell us which next n
system they're all in for i actually
prefer the xbox one but all my friends
are getting a ps4 so because of that I'm
getting a ps4 as well first but
eventually probably when titanfall comes
out I'll probably get a xbox in the
spring or something like that buddy I
ps4 for me it's titanfall the game that
you're most excited about it's up there
it's up there that destiny honestly so
when you get that ps4 what's gonna be
the first thing you pop in there uh
probably watch dogs you know assassin's
creed 4 I think okay okay all right
Emilio you uh yeah I'm actually going to
wind up waking them up a a PlayStation 4
as well it's funny because it
I've always went with like the
PlayStation products before I've owned
the playstation 3 and and stuff like
that I'm not just actually just I just
just kind of ended up that way it's not
like oh I'm like a PlayStation head or
something like that have you stopped
being friends with anybody who's getting
an xbox one no I actually no I mean this
is there's some really good stuff that
for Xbox one that I really want to get
and I'm eventually going to get it
because I like Crimson Dragon I actually
got to see that at e3 I went there this
year I love Panzer dragon and it's just
that the creator of that is just like
that's one for playstation 4 I mean I
just I really like I'm really getting
into the indie stuff and I really liked
that the whole new thing that they're
doing with it's like essentially just to
develop and just do it just make it so
and there's a lot of really good stuff
coming there but I'm officially not
gonna buy it the first day I'm probably
gonna wait to like something like a
metal gear or something like that comes
out and then we are here now with jim
cheung who's the artist on Marvel's
infinity cross over there big crossover
of the moment and gym which next gen
system are you prepared to get the ps4
the xbox one I have a pre-order for the
ps4 why why why Sony why PlayStation 2
PlayStation head of God and what what
games are you most excited for in a
system I have watchdogs on order okay
but I'm I like playing fifa y watchdog
what about that game appeals to you just
the the previews of them so right right
i think i'll check it out and we're here
talking to dustin when the artist whose
work on Batman level Gotham the main
Batman books and a bunch of other stuff
for various companies so Dustin what's
the answer I already have the wii u but
i'll be going with the ps4 you know why
ps4 it's sexy looking and Sandy you know
I it's actually looking I grew a
PlayStation in Nintendo so you know it's
pretty much you stick to you know it's
yeah I'll probably end up getting all of
them just for the hell of it but but
first off I'm rooting for you know
you're ruining for sony ps4 so Oh what
are you playing on the wii u right now
you mentioned you have kids what um we
just got the scribblenauts
yeah mass right um I got the Mario
because that's that's like a true with
that pad it's amazing that and uh you
know we do scribblenauts and also
nintendo land that game alone is like
worth the system itself you think so i
love it i mean i'm i'm an old school guy
you know so now do you consider the wii
u and next-gen machine because some
people don't I always consider Nintendo
they don't compete with I don't see them
competing with anyone mangie you're a
Nintendo fan you're a Nintendo fan for
life that's true so why ps4 what about
that game wise what are you looking
forward to I always look at it media
wise and with the ps3 I was really happy
with it I played you know all my movies
everything on it you know netflix i pop
in movies off my driving there i've
never had a Brahmin i'm not too savvy
with electronics so i guess going with
the comfort zone right so ease of use
for you right east of use and you know
so you're planning to have you be the
hub of your media stuff the hub of the
media system interesting great thank you
very much dustin all right thanks but
horror games they scare me just take
knock knock a game that seems so simple
all you have to do is make it through
the night without turning insane you
think that'd be easy i mean i've managed
to do it for most of my life
I